# Day -1
## 30 July 2025{ Wednesday}
#### The first day of G.N.D.E.C started with the blessings of God. Firstly all the students of core branches assembled in the college's Gurudwara Sahib to seek the blessings of God,before starting their journey in G.N.D.E.C, Kirtani Jathar recited shabads and prayed for success of every student.After taking snacks and tea, all the students got their welcome kits .Then we all went to auditorium,the atmosphere was fantastic and stage was beautifully decorated with flowers.The first speaker Dr.Harpreet Kaur Grewal Mam taken the stage , welcome all this students  whole heartedly and also gave inspiring speech.She taught us the importance of 'Sustained Freedom'.
#### Our Principal sir, Dr. Sehajpal Singh shared us the fantastic history of this institute,emphasizing its 70 years of excellence and brilliance to produce brilliant minds.
#### Next the chief Guest Mr. Maheshinder Singh Grewal Sir,ex. Cabinet Minister of Punjab shared his valuable thoughts on various aspects.He  also shared his personal experience with G.N.D.E.C and complimented about the excellent education of this institution. I really learnt countless lessons from the speakers. At last, we visited our ECE Department and many other labs.
# Day-2
## 1 August 2025{Friday}
#### The second day of induction programme started with the lecture of Dr Priya Darshini ma'am .She really gave an innovative lecture on important subject ’Universal Human Values', a subject that forced us to deeply think the reason of living life,what are the main goals of almost everybody's life that is being prosperous and happy in continuity. The session was truly enlightening. It is an interactive lecture with mam, where we actively participated in discussions and shared real life scenario which make this lecture more impactful.
#### Then we get a chance to interact with Dr. Arvind Dhingra Sir, Director-STEP and Incharge- TAC.He helped us to learn the ways to uplift our personality.He started interacting with students and called 5 boys and 5 girls to perform different activities on stage and the winners were awarded with some chocolates.Due to lack of confidence ,I missed this opportunity .After refreshing break,we gave we our English and maths proficiency test.
# Day-3
## 4 August 2025{ Monday}
#### The third day of induction program started with the blessings of God by reciting Mool Mantra in the auditorium .Then there was a session conducted by causmic club, they introduced us to G.N.D.E.C's Apex Program, Ambit youth parliamentary,opportunities and benefits it offers. It was an exciting glimpse into vibhing student life leading to their holistic developments. Then there was a second session conducted by  Dr. Priya Darshini mam on 'universal human values' their she differentiate between self and a body ,explaining us that self need happiness  emotional support while the body needs physical facilities. She also explained that self is a soul and the body is materialistic and usually we misunderstand between these two terms and which leads to exploitation. Then there was a break for an hour during which we explore college campus.
#### Then we went to our classes for English lecture conducted by professor Aastik Sharma ,where he firstly asked all the students to gave their introduction and ask some general questions regarding the studies to the students. He also explain the rules and regulations of the college campus. He encourages us to develop confidence wnd communication skills . The last lecture was conducted by seniors where they taught us about programming language like C++ and give some introduction of coding.
# Day-4
## 5 August 2025 {Tuesday}
#### Today firstly Mr Gautam Murria explained the real meaning of 'Motorsport' and gave an interactive lecture on ' motor sports' where he asked various questions and problems with the students and the importance of motor sports in engineering. After ththat we were provided the knowledge of  Satya scholarship and many other scholarships provided under buddy4study program. after that and valuable letter was given by Mrs. Shaffy Makkar ma'am on 'Millets-Super Food' in Auditorium. She explained the advantages of the millets over the wheat and rice which we eat daily. She enlisted numerous  advantages of millets like millets fights against various diseases like sugar , high blood pressure, thyroid etc.and also told the different types of millets , their cooking methods to make the food tastier and easy eatable. She also explained various important biological concepts behind the millets. It was really an interesting day.
# Day - 5
## 6 August 2025   { Wednesday}
#### Today the stage was firstly handed over to Dr. Parminder Singh (Dean-Student Welfare) . He introduced us about the college campus.He explained us about the facilities offered by this prestigious campus for the ease of student. He also told us about the different types of Scholarships offered to the students. Then another guest arrived, Mr. Manpreet Singh,a fitness trainer who is running a well known Gym in Ludhiana. He gave an lecture on' Fitness For Engineering', explaining the importance of fitness along with academics.It was an amazing interactive lecture where  students asked many questions regarding gym and their diets. After that Brigadier Paramjeet Singh Cheema Sir was welcomed whole heartedly by NCC commanders. He gave an powerful speech with full enthusiasm and energy. He used his innovative skills of poetry in his speech which make it more interesting and impactful, explained the way of living life more effectively. Then there is a break. An introductory lecture of physics was conducted by Prof. Amarjot Kaur Mam, she discussed about syllabus, way of conduction of examination , practicals etc. At end Gautam Maurria Sir gave brief lecture on 'Motor Sport'.
# Day - 6
## 7 August 2025 { Thursday}
#### This day was started by the lecture of physics conducted by Prof. Komolpreet Kaur Mam  . She explained us about practicals involved in our first semester , explained some important technical terms. In seminar hall, the maths lectures was taken by Prof. Sandeep Kaur Gill Mam , she discussed the importance of maths in engineering. She asked some questions from us to test our knowledge of basic mathematics of previous classes. After break,we all assembled in auditorium where firstly Dr. Lakhvir Sir introduced us to CML - centre for multiple faceted learning - an innovative club handles various activities. He also explained us NPTEL and SWAYAM platforms briefly with their advantages, ways to enhance our engineering skills to get better jobs. Lastly a session was conducted by NSS. The students of NSS perform peaceful shabad kirtan. Then the Incharge of NSS Dr. Jasvir Sir explained us real motive of NSS as it is not only about environment, it's motive is to spread happiness and peace all around us in society . An activity conducted by calling two boys on stage to show that it is difficult to make someone happy. At last an amazing laughter session conducted by students of NSS .
# Day-7
## 8 August 2025 {Friday}
####
